My name is Eric LaRue.  I live in Salem, OR with my wife and two children, ages 4 and 1.  I am currently studying Computer Science at Oregon State University, and I have a previous degree from Berklee College of Music.  In addition to my studies, I am interested in learning Unity 3D, C#, Swift, and iOS development, as well as music production with Digital Performer and all of the various synths in Native Instruments Complete and Maschine.

My wife and I were married on June 5, 2010 after having met on Facebook and going through the process of her emigrating from Russia to the United States.  We are both only children, having both been raised by widowed mothers.

Prior to moving to Salem, I lived in Newark, NJ, the latest location I had lived in in the New York City area since 2005 (after also living in Manhattan and Staten Island) and commuted to Manhattan to work for TransPerfect Translations, a job I had since 2008.  I left that job in September of 2014, while in the midst of my OSU CS program, and moved to Salem, where I have been studying full time ever since.

Programming background
During my coursework at Oregon State, my programming experience has largely been in C.  My first courses were taught using C++.  I have also had experience in MASM, HTML, Javascript, PHP, and SQL.  I am currently supplementing my OSU education with online tutorials offered by Mammoth Interactive and Udemy.  In the immediate future, I have registered to take some extracurricular tutorials in Java, Python, Ruby, Unity 3D, and C#.